pp-07/readme.md, before:

# Production Problem 07: Implementing HCI guidelines for touchscreens

## The Problem

Using the HCI guidelines from either Apple/iOS, GNOME, or Windows, redesign the login page at
http://my.iit.edu/ for a touch-friendly environment. Use this to kickstart your work on Project 2.

**You only need to sketch your redesign**, and in the text below, reference at least three different
points of guidance from chosen HCI guidelines that went into your redesign sketches (you might
want to do multiple sketches, each highlighting a different feature of the same overall design).

## Resources

* Apple iOS HCI Guidlines:
  https://developer.apple.com/ios/human-interface-guidelines/overview/design-principles/
* Gnome Desktop:
  https://developer.microsoft.com/en-us/windows/desktop/design
* Windows Desktop Guidelines:
  https://developer.microsoft.com/en-us/windows/desktop/design

## Deliverables

Small commits to your Production Problems repository that include:

1) photographs of sketches of your new design, from your sketchbook
2) an explanation of three different points of guidance from your chosen guidelines (point to the
   specific URL where the guidance can be found) that you implemented in your sketch, written below:

* HCI Guidline One (URL): https://developer.gnome.org/hig/stable/design-principles.html.en
* How you implemented it in your sketch:

  The principle is:  Give your application a clear focus



* HCI Guidline Two (URL):
* How you implemented it in your sketch:

* HCI Guidline Three (URL):
* How you implemented it in your sketch:

Commit message:

added a description of how the rule applies to my drawing

pp-07/readme.md, after:

# Production Problem 07: Implementing HCI guidelines for touchscreens

## The Problem

Using the HCI guidelines from either Apple/iOS, GNOME, or Windows, redesign the login page at
http://my.iit.edu/ for a touch-friendly environment. Use this to kickstart your work on Project 2.

**You only need to sketch your redesign**, and in the text below, reference at least three different
points of guidance from chosen HCI guidelines that went into your redesign sketches (you might
want to do multiple sketches, each highlighting a different feature of the same overall design).

## Resources

* Apple iOS HCI Guidlines:
  https://developer.apple.com/ios/human-interface-guidelines/overview/design-principles/
* Gnome Desktop:
  https://developer.microsoft.com/en-us/windows/desktop/design
* Windows Desktop Guidelines:
  https://developer.microsoft.com/en-us/windows/desktop/design

## Deliverables

Small commits to your Production Problems repository that include:

1) photographs of sketches of your new design, from your sketchbook
2) an explanation of three different points of guidance from your chosen guidelines (point to the
   specific URL where the guidance can be found) that you implemented in your sketch, written below:

* HCI Guidline One (URL): https://developer.gnome.org/hig/stable/design-principles.html.en
* How you implemented it in your sketch:

  The principle is:  Give your application a clear focus

  How it applies:  The screen is pretty basic and paired down to only the elements needed to logon and
    to a header that identifies what your logging on to.


* HCI Guidline Two (URL):
* How you implemented it in your sketch:

* HCI Guidline Three (URL):
* How you implemented it in your sketch:
